whats up guys its ycf and we've got
another really figure that is yet to be
released so we are filming this in
December of 2013 I think this is slated
for some time in the in the spring of
2014 this is electro then he will appear
in the spider try first electro set
which is a 70 piece spider-man set set
760 14 and this is a really meet
minifigure for a couple of different
reasons one and we'll just get that
accessory out of the way but you can see
we've got a light blue translucent head
and two translucent arms which do not
have printing on them so the jake 14
that we got in Star Wars did have the
one printed translucent arm now we get
to plain ones so the question really is
when are we going to start seeing
translucent torsos and translucent legs
or we can make like entire translucent
minifigures so pretty neat you can see
the printing on there
so this is electro again I know you guys
want to know where do you get these so
they're on ebay right now you can find
them not sure how much you're going for
but this is electro let me know what you
guys think this set i believe is
scheduled to be released in april of
2014 so it's going to be a few months
until you can get the set you know and
get them you know with the spider man
that's going to come with a spider man
minifigure or if you really need to
figure that bad you can go on ebay and
get it now but pretty cool let me know
what you guys think and we'll check you
next time on your creative friends stay
creative guys peace